Hey- OK, so first ask me the question and I'll answer. Ask me and I'll answer.
Hey look at him.
Hey look at him. He'll ask me and I'll answer. He'll ask me and I'll answer.
My name-- in Arabic or English?
There in America will they understand though? Oh you're going to change [translate] it, ok.
Yes, ok I consent. Let's get started.
I'm Abdelaziz. This my name sign.
His turn.
I'm Eslam. My sign name is this.
In IS: I'm thirty-nine years old.
In LIM: thirty-nine, 39.
I'm 42 years old.
I was born in 1984.
Ok, ok.
Ok, ok. [In LIM]: 1984.
[I was born in] 1981.
Well, Alexandria. I was born in Alexandria and my father is from a rural area called Mansoura. I've always been in Alexandria-- my life and activities are all here.
Now it's his turn.
I was born here in Alexandria and my father is from Rosetta.
There in Rosetta. I've always been hear in Alexandria. Grew up here.
I was just born Deaf. I grew up Deaf just since birth.
I  had a fever [to become Deaf].
I've always been Deaf.
I'll talk. Years ago, my mother and my father had me and I was born Deaf. Then one month I got a high fever.
So I was checked into the hospital and then well that was it, I've always had no hearing.
In my case, my mother and father are relatives. So four children were born Deaf. I'm deaf and my family has four Deaf people.
I never had a fever.
My mother and father didn't know each other, and they gave birth to three deaf kids.
Never.
I have deaf relatives one one side and deaf relatives on my mother's side, but the two families had never met before.
I don't have any [deaf] relatives at all. Just the four of us siblings, we all married Deaf. That's it.
No, they [my parents] are just hearing.